April 27 Release Notes (#383)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/blog/2020-04-27-release-notes.md

date: '2020-04-27T11:41:30-03:00'
author: Nolan Phillips
---

**Today we're releasing two new packages!**

* react-tinacms-github
* next-tinacms-github

With these packages you will finally be able to use GitHub as a backend and implement your very own Open Authoring solution with Next.js! In the last couple weeks we created this packages and went through the setup process over-and-over to smooth it out. Although the packages are available there are some documentation changes still in the works this week.

**Tinacms.org is getting Guides** to help people learn how to use Tina with Gatsby and Next. If you're interested in seeing what that looks like, [check out the pull request.](https://github.com/tinacms/tinacms.org/pull/374)

**Next up for Tina + GitHub is Branching.** The UI is designed and now it's a matter of updating `react-tinacms-github` to allow user's to switch the branch on the `GithubClient`. 

> **Interested in the core teams roadmap?** Checkout the [Open Authoring with GitHub + Next.js]() project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Interested in the core team roadmap?** Check out the [Open Authoring with GitHub + Next.js]() project.
```
